mutant maximum versatility he prepared
for every condition with the mutants
patent-pending modular closure system
the web suit that broke the limits of
wetsuit versatility continues to evolve
worn with a detachable neck or a smooth
skin hood the mutants unique
free-floating zippers allows for
unrestricted movement and flexibility
and now built with ultraflex XTS
neoprene technology and all new water
wicking thermal insulating ultraflex
firewall makes the mutant lighter and
more flexible than imaginable seamless
shoulder and lumbar designs plasma wrist
and ankle seals crypto needs and
exterior fluid seam weld our everlasting
features in the mutant that'll have you
psyching rain or shine 24-7 the mutant
I love them you because it's got to
closures for one suit
in California we tend to wear false eats
pretty much most of the year I've tested
this suit between one foot 2 20 foot so
it works and everything you have the
choice of putting a hood or staying a
little bit cooler so
you
available from power K shop.com